Title
-----
Real Time Communications (RTC)


Description
-----------
The Real-Time devroom is about all
things involving communicating in  real-time, including: XMPP, SIP, other signaling
protocols, WebRTC, broadcasting, telephony, mobile VoIP, codecs, peer-to-peer, privacy,
encryption and AI agents. It's focused on in-depth technical topics about all the above,
including Open Source projects in any of their realms.


Why does it fit FOSDEM
----------------------
Communicating is something us humans do every single day in different
capacities.  Both for personal and business reasons, and as Free Software
enthusiasts it's important to keep our conversations under our own control.

We've seen companies shut down services which people relied on (Google Talk),
damaging Open Standards in the process (XMPP).

These days tons of private communication happens through the services offered
by private, for-profit, and privacy endangering companies such as Meta or Google.

FOSDEM is a great place to show others that a different way is possible and
that we have the technology, capability and existing projects to control our
own communications.

Moreover, after the pandemic hit, tons of interaction moved to an online
capacity, and making sure such interactions occur using Open Source software
which provides the necessary privacy and security aspects is more important
than ever. 


Submitters affinity to the topic
--------------------------------
Saúl has been working on the Real Time Communications space for almost 2 decades and
it's currently working full time on a prominent project in that space: Jitsi.
In addition, he has been co-organizing the RTC devroom since its inception and
participating in other conferences around the world.

Lorenzo has been working in the Real Time Communications space since his PhD thesis,
which resulted in the Janus project he has been leading for over a decade. He has vast
experience in the RTC space and has been co-organizing the devroom for the past
few years.


Relevant URLs
-------------
- Free-RTC mailing list: http://lists.freertc.org/mailman/listinfo/discuss
- Discuss WebRTC: https://groups.google.com/g/discuss-webrtc
- XMPP community chats: https://xmpp.org/community/chat/
- Planet SIP: https://planet.sip5060.net/
- WebRTC for the Curious: https://webrtcforthecurious.com/
- Video-Dev: https://www.video-dev.org/
