
We'd like to thank you for your enthusiasm to participate and confirm
that (if you are not in the main track) we are accepting your talk in
the dev-room.  (For those who submitted multiple proposals, we are
accepting the one negotiated with you).

Dev-room talks are all day on Saturday, 4 February.  What's more, RTC will
be in the main track again this year and we also have the Real-time Lounge
again in the K building on both days.

What now?

- you can use the address
fosdem-rtc-admin@freertc.org to contact the dev-room admins
about talks - please reply on that address

- please reply to advise if you are still coming or not

- please tell us (or update your notes in pentabarf) if you have
availability / time constraints on 4 February

- main tracks are scheduled, dev-room talks are not.  Main tracks are 50
minutes.  All dev-room talks are 20 minutes but we will give some 30
minutes.  Please tell us if you really need more than 20 minutes, we
need to know by 30 December.

- please update your personal description and talk description in the
pentabarf system before we make them public.  You can use the wiki markup
syntax[2] supported by Pentabarf to create links from the descriptions
to your own project web-sites and we would encourage you to make good use
of this.  You can continuously update the profile after it goes public,
the site is refreshed from time to time throughout the day and then it
is archived when FOSDEM finishes.

- we will promote the schedule (both main track and dev-room) over the
next two weeks, using blogs, the Free-RTC mailing list and the FOSDEM
web site, please help to share the links within your community as they
appear

- if you would like to be included in any of the planet sites, please
contact Ralph or myself as described in the call for participation[1]

- everybody is welcome to participate in the Real-Time lounge on both
days of FOSDEM, please join the discussion on the Free-RTC list to
coordinate

- it would be great to have one or more dinners for the RTC community on
4 February, please join the discussion on the Free-RTC list to coordinate

- you can use the address fosdem2017-rtc-speakers@freertc.org to
contact all speakers, but please use the public Free-RTC mailing list
whenever possible

- please use the Free-RTC list to discuss any other aspect of RTC
at FOSDEM
https://lists.fsfe.org/mailman/listinfo/free-rtc

- Please be aware FOSDEM has adopted a Code of Conduct[3] and the
dev-room administrators fully support this.  As volunteers and speakers,
people will be looking to our example.  Furthermore, this means that if
something awkward happens, it comes down to us to be first to act and
show leadership.  Please feel free to ask any questions about this topic
through the main FOSDEM mailing list.

We are delighted to have received such exciting proposals and look
forward to collaborating with you over the weeks ahead.

Regards,

Daniel



1. https://danielpocock.com/fosdem-2017-rtc-cfp
2. http://pentabarf.org/Markup_Language
3. https://fosdem.org/2016/practical/conduct/

